## Base Introduction

Tang poetry refers to the poems created by the poets of the Tang Dynasty. Tang poetry is one of the precious cultural heritages of the Chinese nation. It is a jewel in the treasure house of Chinese culture. It also has a great influence on the cultural development of many nations and countries in the world. It studies the politics and people's sentiments of the Tang Dynasty. Customs, culture, etc. all have important reference significance and value.

## Formal style
The form of Tang poetry is diverse. The ancient poems of the Tang Dynasty were mainly composed of five words and seven words. There are also two kinds of modern poetry, one is called quatrain and the other is called verse. The quatrains and the verses are different from each other in five words and seven words. Therefore, there are basically six basic forms of Tang poetry: five-word ancient poetry, seven-character ancient poetry, five-character quatrains, seven-character quatrains, five-word verses, and seven-word verses. Archaic poetry has a wider requirement for rhythm and rhythm: in one sentence, the number of sentences can be more or less, the chapters can be long or short, and the rhymes can be converted. The requirement of rhythm and rhythm in the near-field poetry is stricter: the number of sentences in a poem is limited, that is, the four sentences of quatrains and the eight sentences of the poems. The rhythm of the words used in each poem has a certain law, and the rhyme cannot be converted; The four sentences become confrontational. The style of ancient poetry was handed down from the previous generation, so it is called ancient style. Modern poetry has a strict rhythm, so some people call it a metrical poem.
The form and style of Tang poetry is colorful and innovative. It not only inherits the folk songs of Han and Wei, the tradition of Yuefu, but also greatly develops the style of the songs; it not only inherits the five or seven-word ancient poems of the previous generation, but also develops into a long-formed system of narrative romance; it not only expands five words and seven words. The use of form also creates a close-up poem with a particularly beautiful and neat style. Modern poetry is a new style poem at that time. Its creation and maturity is a major event in the history of poetry development in the Tang Dynasty. It pushes the syllable harmony and the refined artistic features of ancient Chinese poetry to an unprecedented height, and finds a most typical form for ancient lyric poetry. It is still especially popular with the people. However, in the poems of modern poetry, because of its strict rhythm restrictions, it is easy to constrain the content of poetry, and it is not free to create and play. This is a great flaw brought by its strengths.
