## Base Introduction

A Chinese literary genre popular in the Song Dynasty, the Song lyrics is one of the new style poems relative to the ancient poetry, marking the highest achievement of the Song Dynasty literature. The Song lyrics are long and short, making it easy to sing. Because it is the lyrics of Hele, it is also called the music word, Yuefu, music, long and short sentences, poetry, and fun.
It began in the Southern Dynasty Liang Dynasty, formed in the Tang Dynasty and flourished in the Song Dynasty. According to the "Old Tang Book", "Since the Kaiyuan (Tang Xuanzong Year), the singers used the song of Hu Yili Lane." Song Ci is the shining pearl of the crown of ancient Chinese literature, in the ancient Chinese literature, She is a beautiful garden. She is fascinating with the Tang poetry with her colorful and colorful charms. She has always been a singer with the Tang dynasty. After the same name book "Song Song".
The representative figures of the Song dynasty mainly include Su Shi, Xin Qiji (the representative of the unrestrained party), Liu Yong, and Li Qingzhao (the representative of the singer).

## Music literature
Words are a kind of music literature. Its production, development, creation and circulation are directly related to music. The music that the word is matched with is the so-called Yanle, also known as the feast music. Its main component is a new type of music composed of the music of the Western Region Hule and the folk lanes since the Northern Zhou Dynasty. It is mainly used for entertainment and banquet performance. The Sui Dynasty has become popular. The origin of the words in conjunction with Yan Le can be traced back to the times. The Song Dynasty Wang Zhuo's "Biji Manzhi" volume one said: "Since the cover, the so-called songs of today are gradually rising, to the Tang Dynasty." The words were mainly popular in the folk, "100 pieces of Dunhuang Quzi Collection" More than sixty works, mostly from the Tang Dynasty to the late Tang and Five Dynasties folk songs. Around the time of the Tang Dynasty, poets Zhang Zhihe, Wei Yingwu, Bai Juyi, Liu Yuxi and others began to write words and introduced this style into the literary world. In the late Tang and Five Dynasties, the literati's poetry had a great development. The late Tang poet Wen Tingyu and the "Huajianpai" represented by him were created by Li Yu and Feng Yanqi. The maturity of the body and the establishment of the basic lyric style have made important contributions. The word finally became a part of poetry and became one of the most prominent literary genres in ancient China. In the Song Dynasty, the creation of the word gradually became a grand view, resulting in a large number of outstanding writers, famous works, and a variety of styles and genres. The "All Songs" has been collected and distributed to the present-day words for more than 1,330, nearly 20,000. From this figure, we can imagine the grand occasion of the creation. Although the origin of the word is early, the peak of the development of the word is in the Song Dynasty. Therefore, later generations regard the word as the most representative literature in the Song Dynasty, juxtaposed with the poems of the Tang Dynasty, and the so-called "Tang poetry, Song poetry" .